Update configurations docs (#1112)
juicedata/juicefs-csi-driver: docs/en/administration/going-production.md

* Configure cache persistence to ensure that the cache directory will not be lost when the container is destroyed. For specific configuration methods, read [Cache settings](../guide/cache.md#cache-settings);
* Choose one of the following methods (you can also adopt both) to ensure that the JuiceFS client has enough time to complete the data upload when the application container exits:
  * Enable [Delayed mount pod deletion](../guide/resource-optimization.md#delayed-mount-pod-deletion). Even if the application pod exits, the mount pod will wait for the specified time before being destroyed by the CSI Node. Set a reasonable delay to ensure that data is uploaded in a timely manner;

>   * Since v0.24, the CSI Driver supports [customizing](../guide/configurations.md#configmap) all aspects of the mount pod, so you can modify `terminationGracePeriodSeconds`, and then use [`preStop`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks/#container-hooks) to wait for the data upload to complete before the mount pod exits. The demonstration is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Since v0.24, the CSI Driver supports [customizing](../guide/configurations.md#configmap) all aspects of the Mount Pod, so you can modify `terminationGracePeriodSeconds`. By using [`preStop`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks/#container-hooks), you can ensure that the Mount Pod waits for data uploads to finish before exiting, as demonstrated below:
```
